
# Community Meeting Notes October 11, 2022

Community Council (CC) meeting held @ 15:00 UTC in grincoin#general channel on Keybase. Meeting lasted 44  min.

Notes are truncated, and conversations sorted based on topic and not always chronological. Quotes are edited for brevity and clarity, and not always exact.

### _Community attendance:_


* cekickafa
* defistaker
* anynomous
* yeastplume


# Short Summary
 
- [Request for funding](https://forum.grin.mw/t/request-for-funding-assistant-groundskeeper-satoshocrat-oct-dec-2022/10037) @satoshocrat voted and approved by present members.
- Test Miner donations & locations and current situation  has been discussed.


# Agenda Points & Actions
 

* Last meeting notes here: https://github.com/grincc/agenda/tree/main/notes

* Current meeting [agenda](https://github.com/grincc/agenda/issues/69)


First agenda point:

##  1)  Request for funding @satoshocrat October - December 15 2022.

https://forum.grin.mw/t/request-for-funding-assistant-groundskeeper-satoshocrat-oct-dec-2022/10037

__cekickafa__ : So we proceed or?

__anonymous__ :I would propose to do a quick update. Are you happy with Satoshocrats help?
If so are you in favor of continued funding?

__cekickafa__ : i have no objections..

__anonymous__ : Ok. I think he did a good job, so as I mentioned on the forum, I am also in favor of continued funding. If there are no complains, I will ask the CC members to vote on this matter.

üëç cekickafa, defistaker


##  2) Test Miner donations & locations


__anonymous__ : As a a quick update on the miners. Thx for contacting Ipollo and NHash @cekickafa. I asked @mattczt if he agrees to use one for mining Testnet and one to mine on main net to compensate for electricity costs. If he does, both will be send to him. If he prefers to get paid in Grin by the CC, we can send him one and the other to @hendi  to replace the broken miner he used to mine on Testnet.

__cekickafa__ :Thats great.

__anynomous__ : Yep, thx to you we secured two more miners for this purpose. üôèüèª

__cekickafa__ : Also powpower agreed, it can be 3 i  thinküôè

__anynomous__ : O, wouw, that is great. We have another sponsor :)



__cekickafa__ :i forwarded @mcmmike telegram for details, they asked whom to ship. .

üëç anonymous

__anynomous__ : In that case, we can send the third one to Hendi. That is perfect, MCMMike will handle the rest.
I think we do not have much more to discuss. Are there any other topics you would like to discuss?

__cekickafa__ : Hope so, @mcmmike thankx for handling these also.
Not at the moment. Thats all agenda topics.

One note. We can need a small unboxing video for ipollo. They demanded that, altough i had put an unboxing video. It would be cool if mattczt do a quick unboxing video, than i can enlarge it with few logos etc and publish it on youtube channel.

__yeastplume__ : just wanted to talk about testnet anyhow. Glad to see a miner will be on it, because we'll need to start testing transactions within the UI soon!

ü¶ú

__anonymous__ : Great, with some luck we will have 2-3 extra testnet miners, that should mean more stability on testnet.

Alright, lets wrap up this unofficial short meeting. Hope more of us will be able to make it next time. Thanks for joining.

üëç anonymous, defistaker



## *Action points*

* Satoshocrat funding request to be voted.
* Test miners shipping adress proceess.


**Meeting adjourned.**