

# Community Meeting Notes April 11, 2023

Community Council (CC) meeting held @ 10:00 UTC in grincoin#general channel on Keybase. Meeting lasted 41  min.

Notes are truncated, and conversations sorted based on topic and not always chronological. Quotes are edited for brevity and clarity, and not always exact.

### _Community attendance:_


* ardocrat
* anonymous
*  dtavarez
* cekickafa






# Short Summary
 
- Yeastplume's  forum update about his contributions has been mentioned
- Davidtavarez Jan-Apr 2023 funding progress about Grin++ client status has been discussed.


# Agenda Points & Actions
 

* Last meeting notes here: https://github.com/grincc/agenda/tree/main/notes

* Current meeting [agenda](https://github.com/grincc/agenda/issues/85)






## 1) Meme Contest

__anonymous__ : No agenda for today, just informal updates on development of grin-rust and grin++, and whatever else is brought to the table.

Michael / Yeast, could not be here today, but he gave an extensive update on the forum recently:

https://forum.grin.mw/t/a-yeasty-update-march-2023/10435/10

"There are no installers yet, and as I said there’s still a lot of work to be done, and we’ll hopefully be refining and honing it over time. If anyone really wants to get into core development, this is a very good place to start and one that I’d very much appreciate help with (hint-hint). Most importantly though, I think having this available gives us a place to perform experimentation on certain ideas without necessarily having to hard-embed them into the underlying APIs (more on that in a bit)."

So if anyone knows how to build installers.... help is appreciated there 😁

__ardocrat__ : Installer - means you can build your app at client machine with GUI, it can be preloaded with libraries or download them (offline/online installer).

👍 anonymous

__anonymous__ : yes, I think offline one click type installer is what he is referring to.
But probably Michael / Yeastplume can best describe himself what he exactly wants.

David also just now gave an extensive update a few messages back and on the forum. Cool stuff going on with the grin++ client, I wonder what the 'misc' part does...

https://forum.grin.mw/t/grin-recent-development-updates-and-nostr/10449/2

So, a lot of cool developments. We just need to play more with all the options out there, NOSTR, as well as other cool ideas.



__cekickafa__ : i see Nostr as a distraction, while still wallet users have synch, peer, crash  problems.

💯 anonymous

Anyway nostr is still development itself.

__anonymous__ : I agree. NOSTR is cool, but I prefer PIDB to be implemented on mainnet for both grin-rust as well as Grin++

💯 cekickafa

Maybe less 'fancy' on a first glance, but things like unified API (now also in Grin++ 😎 ), unified payment proofs (same proof for SRS and RSR flow (comming to grin-rust), unified payment flow (contract payment flow implemented by Phyro) and PIDB, are strong foundations for the project that are more important than fun and cool functionalities like NOSTR

👍 ardocrat

__dtavarez__ : Nostr is simple as Grin.

__anonymous__ : Yes, hence it is a good fit probably, although I am still wondering about how private it actually is, without using tor.
Besides, the NOSTR idea of a distributed market place (Diagon Alley/NOSTR market place), also fits well with Grin.


@dtavarez Do you plan to submit a Funding Request for PIDB implementation in Grin++?

__dtavarez__ : I plan to keep contributing for a while, PIDB could be my last funding request

🚀 anonymous

__anonymous__ : I think PIDB is an overlooked, very important step in the project. A bit similar to how slatepacks were overlooked for what they are, a revolution in simplicity.

__dtavarez__ :  I still have work on the API side, with I mentioned, it is my main priority.

👍 anonymous

I wanted to give it a try to Nostr.

__anonymous__ : I can imagine, don't stop experiment, but the boring work also needs to get done

__dtavarez__ : And now I'm convinced that it's worth it.

__anonymous__ : Good.
Just as a side node, I need to go soon.

__dtavarez__ : I don't think I can focus on anything else when working on 
PIDB, so I have preferred to prioritize the things that I understood were still pending imo


Also, experimenting with Nostr+Grin has been a lot of fun :)
I'm not going to lie about it 😂

__ardocrat__ : 

>__anonymous__ : I think PIDB is an overlooked, very important step in the project. A bit similar to how slatepacks were overlooked for what they are, a revolution in simplicity.

Step by step GRIN is moving forward to be used by anyone, anywhere.

__cekickafa__ : yes, main mission is that ☝️



 
## *TO DO List*

*  



**Meeting adjourned.**



